feat: add XCS registry permissioning and docs (#4553)
osmosis-labs/osmosis: cosmwasm/contracts/crosschain-registry/README.md

  - can add, enable, or disable the chain registry connections for a specific chain

![](./xcs_regsitry_permission_chart.jpeg)

## Operations

### ModifyContractAlias

The `ModifyContractAlias` operation allows the contract owner to create, update, or delete aliases that can be used to identify contracts on other blockchains. The operation expects a vector of ContractAliasOperation, where each operation is either a CreateAlias, UpdateAlias, or DeleteAlias operation.

### ModifyChainChannelLinks

The `ModifyChainChannelLinks` operation allows the owner (or an authorized address for a specific source_chain) to create, update, or delete IBC channel links between each chain. The operation expects a vector of ConnectionOperation, where each operation is either a CreateConnection, UpdateConnection, or DeleteConnection operation.

### ModifyBech32Prefixes

The `ModifyBech32Prefixes` operation allows the owner (or an authorized address for a specific source_chain) to create, update, or delete Bech32 prefixes for each chain. The operation expects a vector of ChainToPrefixOperation, where each operation is either a CreatePrefix, UpdatePrefix, or DeletePrefix operation.

### UnwrapCoin

> The `UnwrapCoin` operation allows the contract to take an IBC denom and unwrap it into a memo that can be used by the crosschain swaps contract to send the coins to the source chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `UnwrapCoin` operation allows the contract to take an IBC denom and returns an IBC TransferMsg that can be used by the caller to send the coins to the source chain (unwrapping the IBC denom) and then to a receiver chain so the resulting denom goes only through one IBC hop.
```

## Queries

### GetAddressFromAlias

The `GetAddressFromAlias` query allows a caller to retrieve the address of a contract on another blockchain, given the alias of that contract.

### GetDestinationChainFromSourceChainViaChannel

The `GetDestinationChainFromSourceChainViaChannel` query allows a caller to retrieve the destination chain for an IBC channel given the source chain and the channel id.

### GetChannelFromChainPair

The `GetChannelFromChainPair` query allows a caller to retrieve the channel id for an IBC channel given the source and destination chain.

### GetBech32PrefixFromChainName

The `GetBech32PrefixFromChainName` query allows a caller to retrieve the Bech32 prefix for a given chain.

### GetDenomTrace

The `GetDenomTrace` query allows a caller to retrieve the denom trace for a given IBC denom.

### UnwrapDenom

> The `UnwrapDenom` query allows a caller to retrieve the denom trace for a given IBC denom and then unwrap it into its constituent coins on the originating blockchain.

Author: True, we really have no reason to expose this. If you agree then I can remove it here!

> The `UnwrapDenom` query allows a caller to retrieve the denom trace for a given IBC denom and then unwrap it into its constituent coins on the originating blockchain.

Reviewer: fixed in [618a6d6](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/pull/4553/commits/618a6d63c1f6b4b469cb39b051aa6a7fc36c8a49)
